[cackles]
My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D.
Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended
to win a tournament
that promised the Flame-Flame
fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when Law
was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
As Luffy waits for Usopp
to finish Operation S.O.P.
with the Tontatta,
Kyros reflects on his past.
[KYROS panting]
He could attack! Step away!
Be careful, my lord!
[DOLDO chuckles]
Come with me, please.
[KYROS grunts]
[GYATS]
Unbelievable!
We are witnessing an
unprecedented 1,000th victory!
[DOLDO] Here again, Kyros?
Listen.
[KYROS]
Go away!
Don't you understand?
No matter where I go,
for the rest of my life,
I'll be a beast.
A murderer!
I wish ...this world...
...would forget about me!
[REBECCA crying]
[SCARLET]
Her name is Rebecca.
I shouldn't touch
such an innocent thing!
Not with these tainted hands.
It's not right!
[SCARLET chuckles]
Your father's a strange man.
Sorry!
[giggles]
You're such a little
angel, aren't you?
I'll watch over you.
I'll always be at your side!
A fire? What happened?
[LUFFY] "The Operation Failed!
Usoland the Hero Dies?!"
[KYROS gasps]
[SCARLET]
Father!
The royal palace--it's on fire!
What's going on?
Our kingdom's falling apart!
[SCARLET gasps]
[KYROS]
I'm going to the palace.
Scarlet, Rebecca,
I need you to stay safe.
Okay, Daddy.
If it gets too
dangerous here, leave.
Wait for me in
the Red Flower Field.
I swear I'll come back safe.
[REBECCA whimpering]
[KYROS yells]
This is awful.
What happened here?
[KYROS]
Let me in! It's me, Kyros!
Is anyone there?
Open up--I've come
here to help you!
I need to speak to King Riku!
[gasps]
You're pirates!
[VIOLET]
Kyros!
[KYROS]
Lady Viola!
Father is alive.
You don't need to
worry about his safety.
[KYROS grunts]
[KYROS]
What happened here?
It's too much.
Would you like to pay your
respects to the new king?
He's eager to meet you.
[gasps] The "new king"?
What?
[MONET]
Allow me to show you.
What did you do to King Riku?
Just come along, please.
[KYROS grunts]
[KYROS]
Lady Viola, come with me.
[MONET]
Sorry.
[KYROS]
Hm?
[MONET] We need you
to come on your own.
[MONET] Can I get you
to hand over that weapon?
[KYROS]
Not happening.
So you're
cooperat-een after all?
I'll help you.
As long as you'll spare
my brother-in-law's life.
Don't worry, we're not ly-een.
The young master said
he might be useful,
as long as he's accomodat-een.
Though if we wanted him dead,
there'd be no stop-een us.
I see. So you've been
working with these pirates.
Here we are. Go on in.
[KYROS]
Where is King Riku?
Hm?
[SUGAR]
Uh?
Huh? Who are you?
[SUGAR]
Hm. Get him, guys.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yell]
[gasps]
They've got me.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES cackle]
[yells]
Sea Prism?
[DOFLAMINGO cackles]
[gasps] King Riku!
[yelling]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[panting] You filthy pirate.
What did you do? Let him go!
Riku here was the one
burning the kingdom down.
It wasn't me.
[DOLDO groans]
The king would
never do such a thing!
[DOLDO]
Kyros!
[chuckles]
I don't have any
Devil Fruit powers.
Remove these shackles from me!
[DOFLAMINGO] Listen, Kyros. I've
heard good things about you.
They say you're the
strongest gladiator
the coliseum has ever seen.
Why not swear fealty to me?
The Riku bloodline will be
wiped out in no time at all.
And before you ask,
that includes your dear
wife and daughter as well.
I've already sent
men to dispatch them.
[KYROS gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] Now, you'll
wanna watch carefully.
You're witnessing history!
The final moments
of Riku Dynasty!
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO] Crazy bastard
cut off his own leg!
Kyros, no!
[KYROS yelling]
[KYROS gasps]
It's a toy.
[KYROS screams]
[BUFFALO]
That little guy's fast!
He made off with the old king!
[KYROS] This can't
be real. What happened?
I turned into a toy?
It's Kyros! Please, believe me!
[DOLDO]
Kyros?
[KYROS]
Yes!
Sorry. I fear that
name doesn't ring a bell.
[gasps]
[DOLDO]
Regardless,
I'll never forget what
you did for me, toy soldier.
[KYROS]
Run!
Scarlet!
Rebecca! Wait for me
right where I told you!
[KYROS]
Nobody knows my name.
Did the whole kingdom
forget about me?
[KYROS] I have to get
to the Red Flower Field.
Scarlet and Rebecca
are waiting for me!
[KYROS gasps]
[KYROS]
Scarlet?
Scarlet!
[KYROS gasps]
It can't be!
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
No! Scarlet!
[KYROS panting]
[KYROS]
Scarlet!
[TOWNSWOMAN A shrieks]
[TOWNSMAN A]
Someone's been shot!
Is it Riku's army again?
[KYROS] Damn it! Why
didn't you wait for me?
Why are you here?!
[KYROS gasps]
[KYROS]
I see now.
[KYROS] It seems I've been
erased from everyone's memories.
[KYROS]
Our promises.
Our time together.
[KYROS]
Gone.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES cackle]
[KYROS yells]
[KYROS]
Scarlet!
Don't die! Hang on!
Can you hear me?
Please say something!
I'll protect you! Stay with me!
[SCARLET grunts]
[SCARLET] I have a favor
to ask of you, stranger.
My daughter is hungry,
and she's waiting for me.
[SCARLET]
Please...
It's Kyros! I'm your husband!
I beg you--
[gasps]
[KYROS]
Scarlet?
Scarlet!
[sobbing]
[KYROS]
How did it come to this?
I've lost her.
She's gone.
This is hell!
These useless tin arms of mine.
I can't even feel your
warmth one last time!
[KYROS]
Scarlet!
[VIOLET]
Soldier.
Soldier!
[gasps]
Are you all right?
Huh? Yes, it's nothing.
You having a bad dream, or what?
Listen.
We have a problem.
There are enemies on the way.
Oh!
[GLADIUS]
Unforgivable!
How dare he pretend
to be the young master?!
Straw Hat and his
friends must have
made it past the second floor!
Violet's blood was on the wall!
It's no good.
[KYROS] At this rate,
we'll be completely surrounded.
Is it better to make a surprise
attack on Doflamingo now?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelling]
[KYROS]
Hm.
[KYROS] Usoland and the
others must have failed.
I was wondering, Straw Hat.
Are all of your friends pirates?
I realized that
Fraland and Usoland are.
That a problem for you?
No, I'm a criminal myself.
I'm just grateful that
we share a common goal.
[CROWD cheering]
[clang, rumbling]
Those cracks in the
ceiling're freaking me out.
That's what happens
when you have hundreds
of powerful fighters all
competing in the same event.
It's no surprise
that the structure
has taken so much damage.
That Burgess guy's
outta control!
He's gonna bring
the place crashing down!
And Shockwave Elbow!
[CROWD screams]
[BURGESS]
Elbow! Elbow!
[GUARDS gasp]
Cut that out!
Stop shooting us!
You're funny.
[BURGESS]
Huh?
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
If you don't believe me,
I'll tell you again, Rebecca.
I'm the one who shot and
killed your mother, Scarlet.
I would've killed you, too!
[BARTOLOMEO]
My barrier only protects
against physical attacks,
not verbal ones!
[REBECCA]
Soldier.
I-I can't do it.
[REBECCA]
I'm so hungry.
Mother, I'm starving!
[SCARLET] I'm going to
bring us something to eat.
[REBECCA gasps]
Really?
[REBECCA]
I'm too angry to even move!
Cyborg Franky's down!
I think we're done here!
[FRANKY groans]
[FRANKY]
Usopp. I'm countin' on you, bro.
I know you're gonna start
that riot any second now.
You got this!
[DWARVES] Usoland, go!
Usoland, go! Usoland, go!
Special Attack:
Green Star Rapid Fire!
[TREBOL laughing]
[yells]
And, uh,
Don't-Know-What-To-Call-It-But-
Some-Kind-Of-Special-Attack!
[yells]
[TOY MAN A] They're going
nuts at the Executive Tower!
[TOY MAN B]
He said his name was Usopp?
Of the Straw Hats?
Good luck!
[TOY MAN C] I don't even
know what you look like,
but I'm cheering for you, Usopp!
You'll be my hero
forever if you win!
[TOY MAN D]
You can do it!
[TOY MAN E]
[CAVENDISH]
Being a toy is awful!
If you can fix this,
I promise I'll give up my
grudge against Straw Hat! Deal?
[HAJRUDIN] I'll be your flunky,
or whatever you want!
Just get this done!
[DAGAMA] You can have all of my
money! No price is too great!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hey, Trebol.
Bring Sugar to the palace
and make it quick!
[TREBOL chuckles]
Take it easy, Doffy!
They tried to pull something,
but I've got it all
under control now!
[groans]
I'm fine, Young Master.
The enemy's barely even
conscious anymore.
[groans]
Usoland, wake up!
Why don't you take this
poison grape of yours back?
[COTTON cries]
That's our only hope!
The Tatababasco grape!
[SUGAR]
It's better if you eat it.
Drop dead, will you?
[USOPP grunts]
[USOPP gulps]
[screaming]
[SUGAR screams]
[ALL screaming]
[SUGAR continues screaming]
Calm down, Sugar!
Everything's all right!
Please don't pass
out on me, okay?
Look! Usoland did it!
Sugar passed out!
[NARRATOR] Against all odds,
Usopp made a miracle happen.
Toys are turning
back into humans,
throwing Dressrosa into chaos.
Before Doflamingo can react,
the undefeated gladiator, Kyros,
pours his heart and
soul into an attack
many years in the making.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Legend is Back!
Kyros' All-out Blow!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!